# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

Another use for this basic layout of flipping cards could be used to format fast facts regarding critical events or people for a certain period of history. For example, a website that talks about the end of the Soviet Union would have flipping cards dedicated to key figures of the government. The flipping cards would also feature biographical information, including their roles during the collapse of the Soviet Union. For example, Mikhail Gorbachev’s flipping card would include biographical information as well as his role as leader of the Soviet Union and his reformist policies of glasnost and perestroika and their effect on the collapse of the Soviet. Flipping cards could also be dedicated to specific events such as the nuclear explosions at Chernobyl and other 1989 revolutions happening throughout the Baltic States. This type of pedagogical website could aid students of that period to gather a basic understanding of an otherwise complex issue. 
 
## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 

In this example of an assignment, the researcher has a responsibility of curating a set of questions that would allow the information from the participants to fit cohesively. The information requested from all participants was standardized so that in the creation of flipping cards, the responses could be easily compared to each other while following a template. This template is important for the overall flow and design of the website visually. It also aids in the users’ experience of navigating the site and simplifying the process of a user searching for pertinent information. The researcher also has a responsibility to handle information shared by the participants with sensitivity based on the nature of the information requested of them. The participants should have a right to know how the information they shared will be featured and used in the final product of the website. Participants should also have a right to understand who has access to the information they shared, including information that may not be included on the final website. 

## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

Many of the same fields from the template in our assignment could be used in a project related to the collapse of the Soviet Union, especially in regards to the key political figures. Additional fields would be needed for featured events which could include location, date, and cultural impact. One limitation for the data fields for this kind of project would be a need for a condensed version of information that would work and not impede on the structure of the data fields. Another type of limitation could be the use of Cyrillic script for names or terms that are common when discussing this time in history. However, it could be remedied through transliteration, which is frequently used in other forms online, English-based mediums.  